A fossil-fuel power station is a power station which burns fossil fuel such as 
coal, natural gas or petroleum to produce electricity. Fossil fueled power stations 
are major emitters of CO2, a greenhouse gas which according to a consensus opinion 
of scientific organizations is a contributor to global warming. Per unit of 
electric energy, brown coal emits about 3 times as much CO2 as natural gas, and 
black coal emits about twice as much. Coal is the most abundant fossil fuel on the 
planet. It is a relatively cheap fuel, with some of the largest deposits in regions 
that are relatively stable politically, such as China, India and the United States.
As of 2009 the largest coal-fired power station is Taichung Power Plant in Taiwan. 
The world's most energy-efficient coal-fired power plant is the Aved√∏re Power 
Station in Denmark.
	
	The world's power demands are expected to rise 60% by 2030. In 2007 there 
were over 50,000 active coal plants worldwide and this number is expected to grow. 
In 2004, the International Energy Agency (IEA) estimated that fossil fuels will 
account for 85% of the energy market by 2030. World organizations and international 
agencies, like the IEA, are concerned about the environmental impact of burning 
fossil fuels, and coal in particular. The combustion of coal contributes the most 
to acid rain and air pollution, and has been connected with global warming.

	Alternatives to fossil fuel power plants include nuclear power, solar power, 
geothermal power, wind power, tidal power, hydroelectric power and other renewable 
energies. Generally, the cost of electrical energy produced by non fossil fuel 
burning power plants is greater than that produced by burning fossil fuels. This 
statement however only includes the cost to produce the electrical energy and does 
not take into account indirect costs associated with the many pollutants created 
by burning fossil fuels
